To preview your course, select the green button
at the top left of the screen
in the sidebar labeled preview course.
Adapt will open another tab/window
with the created course homepage.
You will see the name of your course
and the name of your first lesson/topic.
Once the course loads in another tab/window,
select the button labeled view.
Adapt will showcase the items currently
included in the first page of your course.
Scroll down to see the text,
graphic and accordion components you created.
Ensure that you select and
open all interactive elements.
Congratulations,
you have just previewed your first course.